# project-team-d
project-team-d created by GitHub Classroom
Mianjun Dong
#300011474
# ----------------------- team members ---------------------------------
Mianjun Dong #300011474

# ----------------------- project description -----------------------------
after I get the feedback of dev #1
I decide to chanage the idea of the project.

the idea of the project change to Stock portfolio manager.
it allows people to check the trend and distribution of the stock.
it will also appear the list of deatil of the stock.
it will also help people to see how much will they get or lose.
it allows people buy and sell stocks.

# ----------------------- UI Design System dev#2-----------------------------
for ui, I use some resorce from Bootstrap to make it looks better.

there is a popup when people click buy stock.

there is some function I still thinking about, will them be useful or not, just show them there.

# -----------------------  dev#4 -----------------------------

3.0 Implementation of features Server / Client / HTML / CS
project running successful

2.0 Software Documentation (installing, testing and developing the
below : dev4 Software Documentation

1.0 Adherance to UI Design System
1. unify margin and span, and align each area
2. Equity Change line chart
3. Alignment and arrangement of forms

1.0 Seeding application with sample data
sample data is in sql file, initiallize with dmn.sql

1.0 Screenshots of available 
named features.docx

1.0 Application v1.0 (quality versus quantity)
1.0 Git usage (commit messages, all students involved)

# ----------------------- dev4 Software Documentation -----------------------------
installing:
1. with a python env. tested in python 3.9
    need package: 
    pip install --upgrade: 

    easyquotation
    pycket
    tornado
    sqlalchemy
    pymysql
    numpy
    pycket
    tushare
    redis
    stockstats
    matplotlib
    nest_asyncio

    mannual download:
    talib(TA-Lib) //download from https://www.lfd.uci.edu/~gohlke/pythonlibs/ with the file with "cp39" and  "win_amd64.whl"
    pip install  "the file path that you download"
    example:
        pip install E:\download\TA_Lib-0.4.24-cp39-cp39-win_amd64.whl
2. install mysql and initial with .sql file "dmm.sql" to create the database
3. set local variables in "libs/db/dbsession.py:
    HOSTNAME, DATABASE,PASSWORD
4. set port in "utils/server.py" defult with "988"
5. excute utils/server.py  //test by pyCharm, it may show some waring after running please ignore, it is about the new method will replace the old one
6. open http://localhost:988/ 

testing & developing:
path name       |       function
--------------------------------
autotest        | autotest script
handlers        | access router framework controller
libs            | base library, incluse mysql and redis Cache processing
models          | database models
static          | css/js and associate static files 
templates       | Front-end page template
utils           | System Configuration and Server Entry


# -----------------------  dev#3 -----------------------------
there is some chart and table with some animations can be automatically generated by the data cauch from the database and the data from chinese securities company "hua tai zhen juan"

create a website can be running visit locally, the setup detail is below.

since now people can check their securities distribution and see their enquire change in the real time.
also, people can buy and sell stock (virtual) and see how much will they get or lose.
the info of stock that they buy or sell will appear in order list.

there is many code about math 

there is alreadt some sample data in it. and actually it is finished, just need to do some improve like ui or algorithm.

# ----------------------- dev3 setup/ deployment instructions -----------------------------
1. with a python env. tested in python 3.9
    need package: 
    pip install --upgrade: 

    easyquotation
    pycket
    tornado
    sqlalchemy
    pymysql
    numpy
    pycket
    tushare
    redis
    stockstats
    matplotlib
    nest_asyncio

    mannual download:
    talib(TA-Lib) //download from https://www.lfd.uci.edu/~gohlke/pythonlibs/ with the file with "cp39" and  "win_amd64.whl"
    pip install  "the file path that you download"
    example:
        pip install E:\download\TA_Lib-0.4.24-cp39-cp39-win_amd64.whl





2. install mysql and initial with .sql file "dmm.sql" to create the database
3. set local variables in "libs/db/dbsession.py:
    HOSTNAME, DATABASE,PASSWORD
4. set port in "utils/server.py" defult with "988"
5. excute utils/server.py  //test by pyCharm, it may show some waring after running please ignore, it is about the new method will replace the old one



# ----------------------- dev3 mark-----------------------------

Server Technology integrated                    : python.tornado
Database Technology                             : mysql and redis in python
Automated test framework in place               : ./autotest/  two test: testhomeinfo.py  test_orderlist.py
Deployment / Upgrade Scripts working            : finished
Refined HTML/CSS + UI Design System             : finished
Front-end (mock) interactivity using JavaScript : finished
README.md                                       : updated

# ----------------------- citation -----------------------------

Mark Otto, J. T. (n.d.). package in media subfule. Bootstrap.The most popular HTML, CSS, and JS library in the world. Retrieved February 7, 2022, from https://getbootstrap.com/ 

# ----------------------- old idea -----------------------------
the initial idea is to creat a web like a blog.

First,
I will try to creat a mockup.
the ideal mockup is I will draw the ui and make it as beauty as I can.
and some reation to show me the error and the error code.

if possible, I will try to make it able to show two mode, one light and one dark.
And I am interesting make something like put a cartoon 2d Characters beside to help new customer to understand how to use it and give feedback.

Second,
I will try to learn and use PHP and PostgreSQL, if I meet some problem I will try to use java or python. 
if I have free time I will check other languages like Ruby to compare is there some huge different.

Third,
it should be able to do follows:
1. register account, set password, reset password, etc.
2. send message or blog and other can see and commont.
3. record the some value to show is the people always send value information or something make people antipathy.



